hi everyone this is jen and i'm here
with my three minute product review and
today's varada is large American cream
of stories um you guys since he's a
double shrunken is supposed to be a
double strength conditioner and the lady
in the counters said that this was
supposed to help people who have really
fluffy or really I'd remember despicable
me every time I say fluffy fluffy that's
not how she said it anyway she said it
was supposed to help people with floppy
hair or really frizzy hair to tame it
down to maybe way down a little bit
because my hair gets really really
spongy when I left I wash it if I don't
do anything too and I'm in green the
ingredients is honey water vanilla ipod
not I put vanilla pod effusion and then
the rest of the stuff i can't pronounce
but in reality this product didn't you
don't work as a regular conditioner it
didn't even detangle my hair um I didn't
feel it that it was any more moisturize
than normally I mean and for the price I
was really expecting a lot more from
lush um I almost used it all up but
every time I used it I use my regular
conditioner on top of it to help my hair
gets tangled to you know moisturizer to
maybe way down a little bit because my
hair gets really really fluffy it's a
little frizzy because i had a prime a
couple years ago and i still feel like
it's a little crazy permit so no I'll
not be repurchasing this product I don't
recommend it to anybody I don't I just
think it was a waste of money I used it
because because I had it but I really
feel I was very disappointed with this
product usually lush products are very
very good there I always loved lush
products and this is the first lunch
product that I did not like and I was so
sad because the lady made is also great
and at the end it just really wasn't all
that much it was up cream American cream
I guess it was a cream um so I'm sorry
it also has a weird smell
supposed to smell like vanilla it really
didn't feel like it's not that much like
vanilla it's just not weird that's
that's one thing though I mean I guess
if you like that smell the smell does
linger in your hair um after you know
turkey hours and having load rider or
you know flat out and it I still felt on
this scent of it so I guess that's one
good thing but I won't brood of
purchasing this product this product I
don't recommend it so sorry that's dumb
no for large American cream thank you
for watching um put your comment below
if you did like the product or if you
don't like it or if you have any good
product that helps with um you know
fluffy hair three minutes are up thank
you thanks for watching guys I love you
stay blessed stay positive bye bye